README.md, before:

# Project Title

        This is a project to help people how pretend to make a permaculture desing. 
        It helps to undestand what type of connection your system have

## Description

### Intro to Permaculture:
        
         "Permaculture is an approach to land management and settlement design that adopts 
        arrangements observed in flourishing natural ecosystems. 
         It   includes a set of design principles derived using whole-systems thinking. 
         It applies these principles in fields such as regenerative agriculture, 
        town planning, rewilding, and community resilience." (wikipedia)

### Propose

         Its very important for apply permaculture to have a good system design, an important 
        step is analysing and connecting system components. That's the goal of this project.
         Another objective of this project is to improve the learning of code in html, css and javascript.

## Authors

* [Leandro Simões](https://github.com/Leandr0SmS)
* [Dylson Valente](https://github.com/n370)

## License

   Copyright 2022 Leandro Simões

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [awesome-readme](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
* [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permaculture)
* [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/)
* [permaculturenews](https://www.permaculturenews.org/)
* [freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)
* [CodeCademy](https://www.codecademy.com/)
* [Pindorama](https://pindorama.org.br/)

Commit message:

update readme title and discription

README.md, after:

# Permaculture network design


## Description

        It's a beginners project, to practice JavaScript, Jquery and D3.
        This project intend to help people to make a permaculture design.
        It helps to understand how many, what type of connection and how sustainable is your system.

        The form still not working to generate the element connections.

### Intro to Permaculture:
        
         "Permaculture is an approach to land management and settlement design that adopts 
        arrangements observed in flourishing natural ecosystems. 
         It   includes a set of design principles derived using whole-systems thinking. 
         It applies these principles in fields such as regenerative agriculture, 
        town planning, rewilding, and community resilience." (wikipedia)

### Propose

         Its very important for apply permaculture to have a good system design, an important 
        step is analysing and connecting system components. That's the goal of this project.
         Another objective of this project is to improve the learning of code in html, css and javascript.

## Authors

* [Leandro Simões](https://github.com/Leandr0SmS)
* [Dylson Valente](https://github.com/n370)

## License

   Copyright 2022 Leandro Simões

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [awesome-readme](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
* [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permaculture)
* [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/)
* [permaculturenews](https://www.permaculturenews.org/)
* [freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)
* [CodeCademy](https://www.codecademy.com/)
* [Pindorama](https://pindorama.org.br/)
